f actions need to orient towards efficiency.
f coding should happen on the keyboard. coding should not happen on paper because i am not efficient at it.
f i need a way of saving these notes. i can't ust let them go into the void.
f i need to know what the current file is called.

f when in doubt, create a new file.
f i need to check the chromebook's screen under sunlight, and see if it is like the Macbook.

f i need to keep my room clean like this.
f it's going to be really hard to do this.. but I can do it. as long as i can iterate, I generally have a good chance at pressing forward.
f this is my new reality i think. that after dinner, there is no more computer usage on the eyes. if you use the computer, it's going to be in in the dark. now, this is kind of weird. from the outside looking in, this is super strange. but I think, it works for me. I just have to find a way to be productive about it....
f the keyboard is an extension of me. This appears to be true. THat as I tpy,e I come up with ideas, and the keybaord is just matuch faster at matching what I'm thinking. I can convey my thoughts so much more succinctly.
I think Ican write some nice speeches on this keyboard.
and I think if I can do it here, I could do it anywhere.
fI am not looking at the keyboard, and i'm not really looking at anything.  so it shouldn't hurt my eyes.
f light is a energy source right. and therefore, if you turn off the light, you reduce the energy that the eyes recieve.
f the hard part about coding in the dark, is that I won't be able to see arrays and objects.
f how did beethoven compose music while being deaf and blind? he must've been able to hear the notes in his mind. He must've had a strong base, for that to be the case.
f

f there is a way to turn disadvantage into advantage. you ust need the right framework, understanding, and training. there is a way to enjoy the hardship that you experience. there is a way to overcome these disadavtanges.
f i need to only have one file open at a time.
